📝 Community driven `Websurfx` instances page (#253)
neon-mmd/websurfx: docs/instances.md

# Instances 

> > To contribute your server instance checkout the contributing guide [here](https://github.com/neon-mmd/websurfx/blob/HEAD/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To contribute your server instance, check out the contributing guide [here](https://github.com/neon-mmd/websurfx/blob/HEAD/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

Author: Thanks :heart: for taking the time reviewing this PR. I will make the suggested changes right away :rocket: :slightly_smiling_face: .

This page provides a list of `Websurfx` instances provided by us and our community. 

> |URL|Network|Version|Location|Behind Cloudflare?|Official|TLS|IPv6|Comment|
> |-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
> |https://alamin655-websurfx.hf.space/|www|v0.21.4|🇺🇸US||✅|✅|||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| URL                                       | Network | Version | Location | Behind Cloudflare? | Official | TLS | IPv6 | Comment |
|-------------------------------------------|---------|---------|----------|--------------------|----------|-----|------|---------|
| https://alamin655-websurfx.hf.space/      | www     | v0.21.4 | 🇮🇳 IN  |                    | ✅       | ✅  |      |         |
```
